well this is kris pearn slashgear today
we're taking a look at the brand new
droid incredible 4G LTE by HTC as you
can see it is a 4G LTE device on verizon
and other than that it's pretty much an
HTC one device now the only thing it
lacks while we're open it here the only
thing it really relax compared to the
rest of that series is the image chip
inside so what you're going to be
getting is a slightly less impressive
photos but pretty much the same device
otherwise we got in the box here we
gotta start guide i also have basic
power plug like so LTE card which is
already in the device and that's that
let's take a look at the device that's
powering on there all right now we got
the device powered up starting up here
we just need a little bit of a battery
charge just a moment ago just set it
droid and it flew her on the side there
like that so it is starting up rather
quickly compared to say the last couple
droids come out got seven percent power
raining and where we have our sense for
point I'll home screen now lock screen
rather as you can see we have phone mail
messages and camera on the front we have
one message so we're going to drag that
down to here to get into our messages me
you'll see we have a free message from
verizon wireless but we're going to go
back up to form screen here we have
several home screens here we have about
seven on the background we have the one
droid we have music tap into their see
there's anything in there right away we
have these several selections this is
different for each carrier you get an
HTC device on recently I wish HTC One
series but this one works with backup so
you'll be able to backup all your stuff
you can get to tune in radio that's sort
of common along all the HTC One devices
you got amazon mp3 and you have a
slacker radio my phone also just shows
the songs that you have on your device
now once again this is not an HTC one
device but it is built along the same
lines and that it has the same sort of
snapped Snapdragon s4 dual-core
processor it goes just a swift you can
see there and has a similar camera but
again does not have the same image sense
ship inside you can still take photos
rather quickly like that I probably look
pretty good and what else you got here
we got verizon video so you can buy
right from their store a voicemail VZ
navigator watch this goes to HTC's video
store so you got a couple options there
actually three options because at this
point you're going to be able to buy
movies from the google play store as
well so verizon the video watch and then
back to the play video sort right from
play movies so if you tap into their you
can see that you can be able to add an
account and see the get your videos from
there you have movie editor right under
the blocks of NFL mobile and it's all
verizon phones are real racing 2 as well
as let's go 3 HD that's a new version of
that there's your download so you can
download stuff from the web put it right
there facebook comes on here right on
the box kindle mp3 again from amazon
both those for amazon you have what I'll
stay over slingbox is round of the box
and as a slacker radio once again now
this device is running ice cream
sandwich there's also running a sense
point for point oh let's go down here to
make sure about that will go into
software information we are indeed
running sense four-point-oh and android
4.0 point 3 this device has a relatively
small four inch screen it's high
definition so it is really nice this is
a little bit smaller than the last HTC
that came out on a verizon but it does
look really rather similar as you saw
our first hands-on order at ctia it's a
lot of the same look alike these sort of
angled edges in the back you have an 8
megapixel camera with a single flash
there's one of your speakers there on
the left side you have Micro Micro USB
on the top you have one microphone whole
a red power button and headphone jack on
the right you have your head
phone art your volume up and down there
the bottom you have another microphone
hole and the ability to pop off the back
inside vacuum a slightly new look to the
insides your device also you have a
silver sort of rim here dark silver you
have this inside of one giant HTC
battery there you can see sort of the
same stuff going on the actual rim of
the camera is out here so we'll get dust
in there on the side you have your micro
SD slot right there then you have your
micro act micro yeah micro SD on this
idea of micro sim card so pop it out
there's your LTE right there cool stuff
check out the rest of the review which
should be coming up soon see you later